
Laura Watts

28 Downside Road
Acklam
Middlesbrough
Cleveland
TS5 4QS
Date of Birth: 14/01/1990
Home Telephone: 01642350447
Mobile: 07843885349
UK National Insurance Number: JS344100A


Qualifications:

|GCSE english media           |secondary school       |a            |06  |
|GCSE english language        |secondary school       |b            |06  |
|GCSE english literature      |secondary school       |c            |06  |
|GCSE mathematics             |secondary school       |c            |06  |
|GCSE double award science    |secondary school       |d            |06  |
|GCSE religious studies       |secondary school       |c            |06  |
|GCSE food technology         |secondary school       |b            |06  |
|GNVQ business studies        |secondary school       |aaab         |06  |
|key skills & communication   |middlesbrough college  |level 3 pass |09  |
|AS level english language    |middlesbrough college  |c            |08  |
|A2 levels (X3)               |middlesbrough college  |b, c, c, d   |09  |
|Early Childhood Studies      |Teesside University    |Level 4      |‘10 |
|Early Childhood Studies      |Teesside University    |Degree       |‘10 |





I feel I am suitable for this position, as I work well in a team and as an
individual. I take pride and care in my work and I am highly motivated,
often very target driven and not fully satisfied without obtaining positive
results. I feel I am a mature and responsible person who is willing to
undertake any training needed. I feel strongly that I am able to carry out
any roles and responsibilities that are expected of me. I have a positive
approach and a supporting, reassuring attitude. I can ensure a comforting,
caring and friendly atmosphere in the workplace. I am organised,
hardworking, trustworthy and reliable. I will work to the best of my
abilities at all times.

Taking further training that contributes to work and life has given me
extra skills and knowledge. Holding certificates in; Infant first aid,
general first aid, CPR practice, promoting health and oral health, key
skills level 3 and business computing.

Working from the age of fourteen I have gained much experience within
different sectors, working under such titles as; Nursery Nurse, Teaching
Assistant, Waitress, Counter Assistant and Sales Assistant, but more
importantly, Receptionist and Telephonist. All of these roles have given me
vital experience such as; responsibility, creativity, awareness,
consistency, support, group work, individual working, organisation,
building relationships, partnership, meeting deadlines, hitting targets,
time management, health and safety, having a caring and considerate nature
and being a friendly, approachable person. The particular skills I feel
relevant, that I learnt as a Receptionist and Telephonist are;
communication, complaints, filing, taking orders, ICT skills, meeting &
greeting, answering telephone, stock control & appointment management.

I consider myself to be a highly motivated and dedicated individual that
would take pride and responsibility to ensure I obtain and deliver vital
skills. Others find me to be friendly, organised, reliable and trustworthy.
In my opinion all of these qualities are crucial when dealing with members
of the public. Working as both an individual and as part of a team, I show
both pride and confidence in work.

I would like the opportunity to gain experience working within a job I take
much pride in and enjoy. This has led me to this application. I am a quick
learner and fit in easily. I believe I have the skills, experience, past
training and the willingness to take further training that is needed to
take on this role and be a necessity to the company.

I hold four written references which can be seen, from an ex colleague and
three A level teachers. I also have three advanced CRB checks and a full
clean UK driving license and transport.


